# My Family Tracker - Android App

In today’s fast paced living environment, services based on location has become a vital importance in everyone’s life. Smart phone is a basic need of the user today, providing plethora of features which makes life much more simpler, easier and convenient. Given that, it is very important for the respective device to have location services. These location based services can be elaborated as the services which uses the client’s geographical location to extract its latitude and longitude or the X - Y coordinates, that is in fact, generated by GPS that acts as a positioning device. A child, spouse or elderly member, safety is an important issue across the world for each one of us, be it the daughter of the family returning late from work or the elder members of the family out for a walk. Furthermore, the importance of staff management in the corporate world is another aspect that we have endeavored to impact.
In this project we have focused on how a smart phone, using our android app, provides safety and monitoring for the family members so that they can easily track their children, spouse or elder members of the family and the respective management in case of corporate office employees, according to their own requirement.


We integrate our module along with the googles firebase service which manages all the registration of devices and their management with all the features required to be put along with the app. Firebase is a service by Google which makes the backend handling easy for the developers and provides a simple way of integration along with the app. It also serves with a statistical sheets of the processes and progresses to determine what and where should the improvement be enhanced.
